{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c26275\c26275\c26275;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Execution Agent - Tools
\f1\b\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf0 \'a0As mentioned previously, the execution agent is planned to interact with the web browser in a realistic manner by delegating these interactions to tools which specialize in a vital user emulation function. Based on the information collected about the current scenario, the execution agent will decide which tool would best fit the needs of the desired action to take. These tools include (but may not be limited to):
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf3 \strokec3 Navigation Tools:\'a0
\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs32 \cf0 switch_tab(index)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Enables multiple page workflows (one tab for research, one for input, etc.).
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 navigate_to_url(url)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Opens a URL (passed in as a parameter) in a new or existing browser context. This is the first step in any browsing task our agents will complete.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 go_back()/go_forward()\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Moves forward or back or forward one step on the current browser tab.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 reload_page()
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Refreshes the current page.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 close_tab(index)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Closes the desired tab.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf3 \strokec3 Interaction Tools
\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs32 \cf0 click_element(element_to_click_on)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Clicks on a desired element on the current page.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 double_click_element(element_to_click_on)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Simulates a double-click on an element on the current page.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 type_input(element, text, delay)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Inputs text to a desired text input field on the current page. Parameter for text specifies the text content to be filled and delay specifies intervals between key strokes.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 press_key(key)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Simulates a press on any specified key/button.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 hover_over(element_to_hover_over)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Brings the cursor over a specified element on the current page.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 scroll(direction, amount)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Scrolls a specified amount in a specified direction on the current page.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 scroll_to(element_to_scroll_to)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Scrolls directly to a specified element on the current page.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 upload_file(element_to_click_on, file_path)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Clicks on the \'91upload file\'92 element of the current page and selects a file path to upload the desired file from.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 drag_and_drop(source_element, target_element)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Simulates a drag-and-drop from a specified location/element to another.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf3 \strokec3 Decision Making Tools\'a0
\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs32 \cf0 extract_dom(url)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Returns full DOM as structured HTML or JSON to give the reasoning layer complete context of page structure.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 get_element_text(element)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Gets visible text of an element to read page content.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 get_element_attribute(element)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Reads a specific element\'92s attribute (href, value, etc.) to read page content more accurately.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 take_screenshot(filename)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Saves a screenshot of the current page or element.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf3 \strokec3 Other General Tools
\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs32 \cf0 search_and_click(keyword)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Finds a link or button by visible text and clicks on it. Simplifies navigation.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 fill_out_form(relevant_user_info)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Fills out multiple input fields on a page specifically to complete \'91form\'92 like actions on the browser.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf0 summarize_content(DOM)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Extracts and condenses visible text into a summary to assist with reasoning and lower token usage. 
\f2\fs24 \
}